this video was brought to you by Dollar
Shave Club get top quality razors
delivered to your door starting at just
one dollar a month link below in the
description
skip it a button up so Tim Cook the CEO
of Apple is gay that in and of itself I
don't have a problem with I I had I
could care less what you do in your
bedroom I don't as long as it's with
another consenting adult I should say I
don't have an issue with it
I don't look down on people's sexuality
I don't look up to people because they
have a certain sexuality I honestly
don't care if you're a human being and
you're not doing anything illegal that
harms others I have no problem with you
but I do have a problem with Tim Cook
announcing his homosexuality I want to
read to you a little what he said and
then I'll explain why for years I've
been open with many people about my
sexual orientation plenty of colleagues
at Apple know I'm gay and it doesn't
seem to make a difference in the way
they treat me of course I've had the
good fortune to work at a company loves
creativity and innovation and knows it
can only flourish when you embrace
people's differences not everyone is so
lucky while I have never denied my
sexuality I haven't publicly
acknowledged it either until now so let
me be clear I'm proud to be gay and I
consider being gay among the greatest
gifts God has given me his whole
write-up that he gave to Business Week
is in the description below you could
check it out if you want to read what
else Tim Cook had to say now you
probably want to remind rich why do you
have a problem with this why are you
homophobic no not at all not homophobic
in the slightest
but my problem with it is in same with
people who when it comes to race and
when it comes to feminism and everything
else is when you make a big deal about
things it's what keeps up the ignorance
and Prejudice and hatred if you just
stop saying I'm a gay CEO I'm a gay
bowler I am a black looking pilot I am a
Hispanic doctor if you label yourself
instead of just being a human being
because in my eyes everyone is equal if
you label yourself as a somethingness as
a something that
you keep the stereotype and the
ignorance going Tim just be a fuckin CEO
I don't care what you do in your bedroom
dude I'm sure you don't care what I do
in mine
just just let go of labeling everyone
needs a damn label for things I don't
understand that I'm a human nature why
can't we just be humans stop making
different races and different sexual
orientations special let everyone be
equal and just stop when you talk about
it more it perpetuates the ignorance as
a matter of fact I'm gonna hand it over
to Morgan Freeman because basically what
he says in his little video clip sums up
this video in a nutshell
just watch and listen to what he has to
say Black History Month you find
ridiculous what you're gonna relegate by
history to a month oh come on what do
you do with yours what which month is
Life History Month I'm Jewish
okay which mother's Jewish History Month
that there isn't 100 why not yeah do you
want what no no no I don't either
I don't want a Black History Month black
history is American history
how are we gonna get rid of racism
unsaddle talking about it I'm gonna stop
calling you a white man
yeah and I'm gonna ask you to stop
calling me a black man so Tim let's both
take Morgan's advice I'm gonna stop
identifying you as a gay man and I'm
gonna ask you to stop identifying me as
a straight man or even a fat man let's
just be men this is rich of review tech
USA signing out have a good one